rec'd you Steven this is unacceptable
I'm very disappointed in you all right
hey how did some flat it's not as full
just want to be a DJ well alright so i
really liked this episode of Steven
universe for starters it was a very
drastic change of pace from the last
couple of episodes and I like that you
know Steven needs a break a lot has been
going on and although i do like plot
progressing episodes I still think in
this episode was great you know I mean
it still had a bit of plot progression
but at the same time it was a way to
kind of Brinks like remind everyone that
Steven is still a kid I mean we've had a
lot of episodes about Steven maturing
like the test or political power but you
can't forget that he stole kid he's been
through a lot in the gyms haven't only
been giving him any slack so I'm glad
that we got this episode as just kind of
a reminder of why we love Steven and the
cool kids were awesome as well um they
it was nice to see some
three-dimensional characters like you
know I mean they were totally cliché
teams with issues with their parents and
whatnot but I mean it's relatable you
know so I I'm just glad the cool kids
were there i mean they acted just like a
lot of teenagers really would in these
situations um so I'm happy about that in
the background for this episode were
great i mean not in Beach City anymore
and that was really cool um personally I
believe that we're gonna be seeing
paradox return in a few episodes after
the uncle grandpa Steven universe
crossover uh I'm excited about seeing
peridot and at the same time I think we
swing me a little bit of time before we
can get back into the whole gym thing
because that was a lot I mean I loved it
but I think we need a little bit more
time you know so sorry for the short
review again and sorry for lack of
Steven universe reviews lately it's just
that I
been super busy but um what has been
consuming my time over the last week has
now ended so I will be back to making
videos um at like weekly videos
reviewing Steven universe and I will
also be resuming my um 100 subscriber
reviews oh and I'm either gonna be doing
BM puppycat next or over the garden wall
so that's what you can look forward to
on this channel coming up and thank you
guys for 200 subscribers that happened
really quickly so thank you so much
everyone you're amazing I love you
really and I'm not just saying that to
say that I appreciate you guys so much
thank you so much time